# I started to write again. Humph!

You know, I already stop writting about my life story to the internet since 2014. But, Now I want to start writting again, it wasn't because I like to write something, it just because I need it, really! I need to share my thoughts, pains, happiness or something else.

### _Or maybe I just bored and start to write_
Ok, back to the main topic. I will tell you my first bad day, you can call it as a stupid story, dumb story, noob story or anything you like, really __YOU CAN CALL IT AS YOU LIKE!__

# The story begins!
_That was happen on Saturday, July 17th at 1:25 PM_

I had problems with money to live on. I couldn't call my family to lend me some 'cuz I have nothing's left to call them. And I couldn't lend from my friends 'cuz all my friends that I know in the city are on vacation. I think very hardly on that situation, I just had cellphone and my notebook, _"I think, I will sell one of them. But, which one?" — in my thoughts._ I keep try to think hardly.

-----
_2:10 PM_

It's almost an hour, and if I don't hurry up, I'll be late and the store will close and open again tomorrow. Since I don't eat anything from last day, I just put my mind that I will sell my notebook and don't think about what will happens if I sell it. And the most important things that I forgot to backing up my file and data. I only just packing up the notebook inside my bag and go to the store.

After my notebook has been sold, I bought some foods for dinner. I ate the foods without complaining myself. Then, after done with my dinner I pick my cellphone, and sent a message to my family that I sell my notebook 'cuz I dont have anything left and soon I will go back to my hometown.

After that, I just remebered that I forgot about the backing up my files! Fuck! Files about work, project, privacy, and all important things.
